README.md, before:

# OpenJS Foundation Collaborator Summit

The OpenJS Foundation hosts regular summits for active contributors to the foundation projects, this repository is being used to organize them.

## Upcoming Events
- June 2020, Austin, Texas, USA

## Planning Meetings

Every 2 weeks on Tuesday, until Dec 10, 2019
7:00 – 7:30pm CEST

Join via Google Hangout: https://meet.google.com/isf-dbpw-nyz
Everyone is welcome!

## Cost
Free!

Although the summits may be coordinated with other events/conferences, you do not need to pay/attend those events to participate in a summit. We also have travel funds for individual members of the Node.js foundation (e.g. Node.js core collaborators) to cover their travel expenses. See [the documentation on travel funds](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/master/proposals/stage-2/TRAVEL_FUND#openjs-travel-fund) for details.

## Upcoming Events
- [Jun 2020, Austin, Texas, USA](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/236)

## Past Events
- [Dec 13-14 2019, Montreal, Canada](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/202)
- [May 30-31 2019, Berlin, Germany](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/135)
- [Oct 12-13 2018, Vancouver, Canada](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/59)
- [May 31-June 01 2018, Berlin, Germany](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/60)
- [Oct 06-07 2017, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/44)
- [May 04-05 2017, Berlin, Germany](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39)
- [Dec 01-02 2016, Austin, Texas, USA](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/35)
- [Sep 17-18 2016, Amsterdam, Netherlands](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/16)
- [Aug 06-07 2015, San Francisco, California, USA](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/1)

## Code of Conduct
http://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/node-interactive/attend/code-of-conduct

Commit message:

Update meeting info on readme

README.md, after:

# OpenJS Foundation Collaborator Summit

The OpenJS Foundation hosts regular summits for active contributors to the foundation projects, this repository is being used to organize them.

## Upcoming Events
- June 2020, Austin, Texas, USA

## Planning Meetings

Every 2 weeks on Tuesday - see [issues](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues) for meeting notices and agendas
6:00 – 7:00pm UTC 
Join via Zoom: https://zoom.us/j/742726725
Everyone is welcome!

## Cost
Free!

Although the summits may be coordinated with other events/conferences, you do not need to pay/attend those events to participate in a summit. We also have travel funds for individual members of the Node.js foundation (e.g. Node.js core collaborators) to cover their travel expenses. See [the documentation on travel funds](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/tree/master/proposals/stage-2/TRAVEL_FUND#openjs-travel-fund) for details.

## Upcoming Events
- [Jun 2020, Austin, Texas, USA](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/236)

## Past Events
- [Dec 13-14 2019, Montreal, Canada](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/202)
- [May 30-31 2019, Berlin, Germany](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/135)
- [Oct 12-13 2018, Vancouver, Canada](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/59)
- [May 31-June 01 2018, Berlin, Germany](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/60)
- [Oct 06-07 2017, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/44)
- [May 04-05 2017, Berlin, Germany](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39)
- [Dec 01-02 2016, Austin, Texas, USA](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/35)
- [Sep 17-18 2016, Amsterdam, Netherlands](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/16)
- [Aug 06-07 2015, San Francisco, California, USA](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/1)

## Code of Conduct
http://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/node-interactive/attend/code-of-conduct
