SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md, before:

# 💁🏽 Session Facilitator Guide

This document is intended to provide a helpful starting point or reference for running sessions during summits.
The new learnings and tools from a summit will ideally be PR'd in when each is concluded.

🎉 Lists are included 🎉

## 📅 in the days leading up to the session
- [ ] Set a chair/facilitator for the session
- [ ] (optional) if your session is open ended where a broader issue is discussed, you may choose to prepare [tcq](https://tcq.app/) to facilitate discussion

## 🛫 pre-flight checklist (when about to begin the session)
- [ ] The facilitator is the person whose name is listed in the agenda. Facilitators will need to make sure the group walks out of the room with actionable items.
- [ ] If not pre-arranged, ask the table for volunteer note taker.
- [ ] Have a person be take charge of each tool being used for the session. For a full list of tools see below.
- [ ] Go to Zoom, start the call.
- [ ] In Zoom, make sure the link to the zoom session is posted on the relevant thread in [nodejs/summit](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/).
- [ ] In Zoom, start recording the session. If the available Zoom accounts are maxed out, use Hangouts.
- 
- [ ] (Optional) Go to [Otter](https://otter.ai), start recording the audio.

## 🛠 tools for effective sessions

1. [tcq](https://tcq.app/): for facilitating onsite and remote discussion during the sessions
2. [zoom](https://zoom.us/signin): for video conferencing in remote participants and recording the sessions. Here are [links](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/sections/200208179-Recording) to docs for recording the zoom sessions.
3. [google hangouts](https://hangouts.google.com): an alternative to zoom, without recording functionality
4. [otter](https://otter.ai): is for recording meeting audio and complementing the note-taker's efforts

## 🛬 Post-session checklist

- [ ] Chair/facilitator syncs up with participants and note-takers.
- [ ] Action items are posted as a comment in summit issues and linked to in the relevant repos.
- [ ] Relevant teams and working groups are pinged using Github mentions. Note that teams not originally involved in the session may now need to be looped in if it became relevant during the session.
- [ ] (optional) If your sessions were not automatically published to youtube, please do that

Commit message:

update docs for upcoming collab summit

SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md, after:

# 💁🏽 Session Facilitator Guide

This document is intended to provide a helpful starting point or reference for running sessions during summits.
The new learnings and tools from a summit will ideally be PR'd in when each is concluded.

🎉 Lists are included 🎉

## 📅 in the days leading up to the session
- [ ] Set a chair/facilitator for the session
- [ ] It's recommended to use Google Docs for taking notes and share the link in the relevant issue, with right access.
- [ ] Make sure the link to the Zoom meeting is posted in the relevant issue in [openjs-foundation/summit](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues).
- [ ] (optional) if your session is open ended where a broader issue is discussed, you may choose to prepare [tcq](https://tcq.app/) to facilitate discussion

## 🛫 Pre-session checklist (when about to begin the session)
- [ ] The facilitator is the person whose name is listed in the agenda. Facilitators will need to make sure the group walks out of the room with actionable items.
- [ ] Ask for volunteer to help with taking notes.
- [ ] Use your own account to host the Zoom meeting.
- [ ] In Zoom, start recording the session. If the available Zoom accounts are maxed out, use Hangouts.
- [ ] Have a person be take charge of each tool being used for the session. For a full list of tools see below.
- [ ] (Optional) Go to [Otter](https://otter.ai), start recording the audio.

## 🛬 Post-session checklist
- [ ] Chair/facilitator syncs up with participants and note-takers.
- [ ] Action items are posted as a comment in summit issues and linked to in the relevant repos.
- [ ] Share the link to meeting recording 
- [ ] Relevant teams and working groups are pinged using Github mentions. Note that teams not originally involved in the session may now need to be looped in if it became relevant during the session.

## 🛠 tools for effective sessions

1. [tcq](https://tcq.app/): for facilitating onsite and remote discussion during the sessions
2. [zoom](https://zoom.us/signin): for video conferencing in remote participants and recording the sessions. Here are [links](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/sections/200208179-Recording) to docs for recording the zoom sessions.
3. [google hangouts](https://hangouts.google.com): an alternative to zoom, without recording functionality
4. [otter](https://otter.ai): is for recording meeting audio and complementing the note-taker's efforts
