2019-12-Montreal/agenda.md, before:

# Collaborator Summit Montreal 2019 - December 13th and 14th 🇨🇦

This is a live document that will be constantly updated to match the proposed agenda.

A collaborator summit is a mix of presentations and interactive sessions lead by the Teams, Working Groups, and Projects that participate in the summit. For interactive sessions, our time is best served if a the team/working groups/project participate in good numbers (quorum etc).

__We can change everything__, so if you think a better structure will suit us better, let us know in [#202](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/202), or just send a PR!


✨ We're excited for Node.js' 6th round of collaboration IRL! Even better, we're excited that folks from the JSF will be joining us for the first time! ✨

## Registration:
Attendees must register [HERE]( https://www.cvent.com/events/node-js-interactive-2019/registration-cd8a157b1e074233a1c5222b6e58dd55.aspx?r=e83a52ea-60e2-4fe1-b594-4a8cc88c55d6&tystub=1hqsfg&fqp=true)

## Location:
Montreal Convention Centre, Montreal,
[Palais des congrès de Montréal, Montréal, Canada](https://goo.gl/maps/UAkCWyVxGhwp3BDD7)

## Timings:
- Both Days: 1000 - 1800

## Room Setup - both days:
We will have 3 room on both days. All three room will have Zoom Id to join remotely and hopefully, sessions will be recorded.
- Room 510AC : ~ 120 People
- Room 513EF : ~ 70 People
- Room 512DH : ~ 45 People

## Feedback Forum:
  Please submit your feedback about what you liked and how can we improve it next time. [Form Link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScc_eFLdNswhx-JI9D-O9TyIAqX5GVRaDz9RrSt_QoFlwSbkg/viewform)

## Collaborator Summit Day One: 13th December, 2019

### Agenda
| Time | Room 510AC | Room 513EF | Room 512DH |
|------|-----------------------------|----------------------------|---------------------------|
| Zoom (ask any [organizer](#organizers) for login credentials to start the zoom meeting) | https://zoom.us/j/173804425 | https://zoom.us/j/349852956 | https://zoom.us/j/680085630 |
| 1000 | Introduction
| 1030 | Node.js Streams Promise Support [216](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/216) | Node.js Community Committee: OKR building [203](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/203) | Node.js Release working group [195](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/195) |
| 1130 | npm open rfc meeting [197](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/197) | Node.js Community Committee: OKR building [203](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/203) | |
| 1230 | 🍍 Lunch
| 1330 | An Update on Unflagged ES Modules in Node.js [207](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/207) | Node.js Collection & Social Media [198](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/198) |  Joint session Board, CPC, and community members [228](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/228) |
| 1430 | _previous session continues_ | Roadshows and Events for OpenJS Projects [211](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/211) | _previous session continues_
| 1530 | ☕️ coffee break
| 1600 | | I'm a lawyer in the Google Open Source Programs office AMA [220](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/220) | AMP Infrastructure Working Group [226](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/226)
| 1630 | | Marcomm Support: What's available and how to get plugged in: Getting projects connected to marketing resources from the Open JSF | _previous session continues_
| 1700 | Package Maintenance working group session [209](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/209) | _previous session continues_ | Code Of  Conduct
| 1800 | END OF DAY 1 - Happy Hour Sponsored by Netflix - right outside of room 510 A and B

_To speak/present a topic/do a session, please open a issue in repo. Check https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/184 for more details._

## Collaborator Summit Day Two: 14th December, 2019

### Agenda
| Time | Room 510AC | Room 513EF |
|------|-----------------------------|----------------------------|
| Zoom (ask any [organizer](#organizers) for login credentials to start the zoom meeting) | https://zoom.us/j/173804425 | https://zoom.us/j/349852956 |
| 1000 | Making single-company projects more open | CPC Breakout Sessions (TBD based on Friday's breakout planning) [199](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/199) |
| 1030 | QUIC In-Depth [185](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/185) | _previous session continues_ |
| 1100 | Streams - Node.js [196](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/196) | _previous session continues_ |
| 1130 | _previous session continues_ | _previous session continues_ |
| 1230 | 🍍 Lunch
| 1330 | Node.js diagnostics [206](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/206) | _previous session continues_ |
| 1430 | Node.js Tooling Group Meeting [194](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/194) |
| 1530 | ☕️ coffee break
| 1800 | ENDING NOTE | |

_To speak/present a topic/do a session, please open a issue in repo. Check https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/184 for more details._

## Organizers
- Eva Howe ([@evahowe](https://github.com/evahowe))
- Jory ([@jorydotcom](https://github.com/jorydotcom))
- Tracy Lee ([@ladyleet](https://github.com/ladyleet))
- Waleed Ashraf ([@waleedashraf](https://github.com/waleedashraf))
- Manil Chowdhury ([@keywordnew](https://github.com/keywordnew))

## Attendance
Anyone can come, but we will not be explicitly on boarding at Collab Summit Montreal. Conversations can move fast as working groups have a lot of context.
This instance does not include a morning of Code + Learn, the session that guides people through contributing to the project.

Working groups will put together a brief schedule so that people can familiarize themselves before folks get onsite, having the general collaborator discussions, and then dive into breakout sessions.

Attendees must register [HERE]( https://www.cvent.com/events/node-js-interactive-2019/registration-cd8a157b1e074233a1c5222b6e58dd55.aspx?r=e83a52ea-60e2-4fe1-b594-4a8cc88c55d6&tystub=1hqsfg&fqp=true)

## Session Facilitator
It would be fantastic if each one of the breakouts is facilitated by a person who will be responsible to "run" the breakout and do a quick presentation at the end. This person would also set outcomes from the breakout to  optimally leverage our time together. There is a facilitator guide available [here](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/blob/master/SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md).

## Travel Fund
There are funds available for any Individual Member of the Node.js Foundation to receive travel funds to Collab Summit.  Membership is free for active collaborators. Sign up [HERE](https://github.com/nodejs/members#members).

PLEASE follow the instructions for application to receive travel funds [HERE](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/MEMBER_TRAVEL_FUND.md#process).

## Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct
### Our Pledge
In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

### Our Standards
*Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment include:*

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members.

*Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:*
* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

### Our Responsibilities
Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to block temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

### Scope
This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

### Enforcement
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at [report@nodejs.org](mailto:report@nodejs.org). All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other members of the project's leadership.

To learn more about the process of how moderators enforce the Code of Conduct, review the [Moderation Policy](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/Moderation-Policy.md#moderation-policy) and [Requesting Moderation](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/Moderation-Policy.md#requesting-moderation).

### Attribution
This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/), version 1.4, available [HERE](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/)

### Appendix A: The report@nodejs.org Alias
Note: At the current time, all email sent to the [report@nodejs.org](mailto:report@nodejs.org) email alias is copied to all members of the [Node.js Moderation Team](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/Moderation-Policy.md#current-members).


------------------------

✨ Super stoked to see everyone in December! ✨

Commit message:

docs: add social media hashtag #OpenJSCollabSummit (#233)

2019-12-Montreal/agenda.md, after:

# Collaborator Summit Montreal 2019 - December 13th and 14th 🇨🇦

This is a live document that will be constantly updated to match the proposed agenda.

A collaborator summit is a mix of presentations and interactive sessions lead by the Teams, Working Groups, and Projects that participate in the summit. For interactive sessions, our time is best served if a the team/working groups/project participate in good numbers (quorum etc).

__We can change everything__, so if you think a better structure will suit us better, let us know in [#202](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/202), or just send a PR!


✨ We're excited for Node.js' 6th round of collaboration IRL! Even better, we're excited that folks from the JSF will be joining us for the first time! ✨

## Registration:
Attendees must register [HERE]( https://www.cvent.com/events/node-js-interactive-2019/registration-cd8a157b1e074233a1c5222b6e58dd55.aspx?r=e83a52ea-60e2-4fe1-b594-4a8cc88c55d6&tystub=1hqsfg&fqp=true)

## Location:
Montreal Convention Centre, Montreal,
[Palais des congrès de Montréal, Montréal, Canada](https://goo.gl/maps/UAkCWyVxGhwp3BDD7)

## Timings:
- Both Days: 1000 - 1800

## Room Setup - both days:
We will have 3 room on both days. All three room will have Zoom Id to join remotely and hopefully, sessions will be recorded.
- Room 510AC : ~ 120 People
- Room 513EF : ~ 70 People
- Room 512DH : ~ 45 People

## Feedback Forum:
  Please submit your feedback about what you liked and how can we improve it next time. [Form Link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScc_eFLdNswhx-JI9D-O9TyIAqX5GVRaDz9RrSt_QoFlwSbkg/viewform)

## Collaborator Summit Day One: 13th December, 2019

### Agenda
| Time | Room 510AC | Room 513EF | Room 512DH |
|------|-----------------------------|----------------------------|---------------------------|
| Zoom (ask any [organizer](#organizers) for login credentials to start the zoom meeting) | https://zoom.us/j/173804425 | https://zoom.us/j/349852956 | https://zoom.us/j/680085630 |
| 1000 | Introduction
| 1030 | Node.js Streams Promise Support [216](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/216) | Node.js Community Committee: OKR building [203](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/203) | Node.js Release working group [195](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/195) |
| 1130 | npm open rfc meeting [197](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/197) | Node.js Community Committee: OKR building [203](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/203) | |
| 1230 | 🍍 Lunch
| 1330 | An Update on Unflagged ES Modules in Node.js [207](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/207) | Node.js Collection & Social Media [198](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/198) |  Joint session Board, CPC, and community members [228](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/228) |
| 1430 | _previous session continues_ | Roadshows and Events for OpenJS Projects [211](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/211) | _previous session continues_
| 1530 | ☕️ coffee break
| 1600 | | I'm a lawyer in the Google Open Source Programs office AMA [220](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/220) | AMP Infrastructure Working Group [226](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/226)
| 1630 | | Marcomm Support: What's available and how to get plugged in: Getting projects connected to marketing resources from the Open JSF | _previous session continues_
| 1700 | Package Maintenance working group session [209](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/209) | _previous session continues_ | Code Of  Conduct
| 1800 | END OF DAY 1 - Happy Hour Sponsored by Netflix - right outside of room 510 A and B

_To speak/present a topic/do a session, please open a issue in repo. Check https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/184 for more details._

## Collaborator Summit Day Two: 14th December, 2019

### Agenda
| Time | Room 510AC | Room 513EF |
|------|-----------------------------|----------------------------|
| Zoom (ask any [organizer](#organizers) for login credentials to start the zoom meeting) | https://zoom.us/j/173804425 | https://zoom.us/j/349852956 |
| 1000 | Making single-company projects more open | CPC Breakout Sessions (TBD based on Friday's breakout planning) [199](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/199) |
| 1030 | QUIC In-Depth [185](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/185) | _previous session continues_ |
| 1100 | Streams - Node.js [196](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/196) | _previous session continues_ |
| 1130 | _previous session continues_ | _previous session continues_ |
| 1230 | 🍍 Lunch
| 1330 | Node.js diagnostics [206](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/206) | _previous session continues_ |
| 1430 | Node.js Tooling Group Meeting [194](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/194) |
| 1530 | ☕️ coffee break
| 1800 | ENDING NOTE | |

_To speak/present a topic/do a session, please open a issue in repo. Check https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/184 for more details._

## Social Media Hashtag
The social media hashtag for OpenJS Collab Summit is [#OpenJSCollabSummit](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23OpenJSCollabSummit)

## Organizers
- Eva Howe ([@evahowe](https://github.com/evahowe))
- Jory ([@jorydotcom](https://github.com/jorydotcom))
- Tracy Lee ([@ladyleet](https://github.com/ladyleet))
- Waleed Ashraf ([@waleedashraf](https://github.com/waleedashraf))
- Manil Chowdhury ([@keywordnew](https://github.com/keywordnew))

## Attendance
Anyone can come, but we will not be explicitly on boarding at Collab Summit Montreal. Conversations can move fast as working groups have a lot of context.
This instance does not include a morning of Code + Learn, the session that guides people through contributing to the project.

Working groups will put together a brief schedule so that people can familiarize themselves before folks get onsite, having the general collaborator discussions, and then dive into breakout sessions.

Attendees must register [HERE]( https://www.cvent.com/events/node-js-interactive-2019/registration-cd8a157b1e074233a1c5222b6e58dd55.aspx?r=e83a52ea-60e2-4fe1-b594-4a8cc88c55d6&tystub=1hqsfg&fqp=true)

## Session Facilitator
It would be fantastic if each one of the breakouts is facilitated by a person who will be responsible to "run" the breakout and do a quick presentation at the end. This person would also set outcomes from the breakout to  optimally leverage our time together. There is a facilitator guide available [here](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/blob/master/SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md).

## Travel Fund
There are funds available for any Individual Member of the Node.js Foundation to receive travel funds to Collab Summit.  Membership is free for active collaborators. Sign up [HERE](https://github.com/nodejs/members#members).

PLEASE follow the instructions for application to receive travel funds [HERE](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/MEMBER_TRAVEL_FUND.md#process).

## Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct
### Our Pledge
In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

### Our Standards
*Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment include:*

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members.

*Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:*
* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

### Our Responsibilities
Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to block temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

### Scope
This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

### Enforcement
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at [report@nodejs.org](mailto:report@nodejs.org). All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other members of the project's leadership.

To learn more about the process of how moderators enforce the Code of Conduct, review the [Moderation Policy](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/Moderation-Policy.md#moderation-policy) and [Requesting Moderation](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/Moderation-Policy.md#requesting-moderation).

### Attribution
This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/), version 1.4, available [HERE](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/)

### Appendix A: The report@nodejs.org Alias
Note: At the current time, all email sent to the [report@nodejs.org](mailto:report@nodejs.org) email alias is copied to all members of the [Node.js Moderation Team](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/Moderation-Policy.md#current-members).


------------------------

✨ Super stoked to see everyone in December! ✨
