
## 2020-04-07 Summit Planning Meeting

**Present: **

Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)  
Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)  
Robin Ginn (@rginn)  
Waleed Ashraf (@waleedashraf)  
Ruy Adorno (@ruyadorno)  
Joe Sepi (@joesepi)  
Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)  
Darcy Clarke( @darcyclarke)

**Agenda**

1. **Meta Issues**
    * Plus ones on meeting notes: [https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/pull/261](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/pull/261)
    * Do we have any readme updates?
2. **Venue & Date Updates**
    * Capital Factory has withdrawn our contract; back to looking at IBM or MS for hosting
    * border advisory - We will not continue with an in-person event if we the current state continues
2. **Summit Programming**
    * tracking Foundation Covid response ([https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openjs-world/attend/novel-coronavirus-update/](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openjs-world/attend/novel-coronavirus-update/))
    * Continue discussion of alternative plans 
        * Running this online
        * Use Time & Date Meeting Planner
        * How many simultaneous sessions would we need to run?
            * Format
                * See Dom’s tool - AI to Jory to ask Dom about this
                * Starts on the 23rd - goes all week?
                    * With new contributor summit content being on Monday (example: James talking about QUIC, intro to QUIC on Monday)
                * Create a draft Agenda to react to/visualize
        * Reviewing tools - Robin’s favorite at [https://qiqochat.com/about](https://qiqochat.com/about)
            * Would want to schedule dry runs/practice runs
            * Manil suggests looking at swivel.is
            * Required features?
                * Recording sessions
                * Raise your hand / Queuing features 
                * ‘Hallway track’ rooms - games room, decompression room, etc
                * Backups - in the case streams/connections go down for presenters
                * Streamlining notes collections for sessions - so we don’t lose notes & artifacts
                * Tools for sharing code - beyond the hack.md markdown
                * Moderation tools
                * Live Captioning / Accessibility Features
        * Guide for presenters - 
            * Use a wired connection
            * Use a microphone headphones
            * Making your content accessible / internationalization
        * What do we need the software to do?
            * Recording all the sessions - needs to be easy to do and make sure works correctly
            * Need documentation & Tips & Tricks really clear so it’s easier to do (update this please https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/blob/HEAD/SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md)
            * Some guidelines for behavior - how to have collaborative discussions without stepping all over one another for example
            * What adjustments need to be made for an event CoC for an online space
            * A way to have casual, small group conversations in an adhoc way
                * A bot that helps generate call links? 
            * Robin: will send along a set of guidelines she read yesterday + lessons learned from .NET foundation event
                * blog series on virtual events with link to Slack in earlier post. [https://dylanbeattie.net/2020/03/24/going-virtual-part-4.html](https://dylanbeattie.net/2020/03/24/going-virtual-part-4.html)
                * Manil - tried a tool that let you join a virtual office 
