
## 2020-01-28 Summit Planning Meeting

**Present: **Manil, Robin, Jory, Eva, Matteo, Rachel Celia, Waz, Waleed, Ruy

**Agenda**

1. **Meta Issues**
    1. Publish Notes to /summit, a la CPC style?
        1. Having this work & notes more surfaceable = good
        2. +1
    2. Add meeting to OpenJSF Calendar?
        3. +1
    3. Update to open Zoom?
        4. +1
2. **Venue & Date Updates**
    4. Tentative approval on G. Austin space for 150, + 3 breakout rooms
        5. June 25-26
    5. Other options are ~10 miles out from downtown Austin
        6. If cost-effective, pre-arranged shuttle options should be considered for further locations, so collaborators don’t have to arrange their own rides.
    6. [https://docs.google.com/document/d/136Ou8I2XGhTERZPT3ehsP3ErTlkIateepY2uHBC6u-8/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/136Ou8I2XGhTERZPT3ehsP3ErTlkIateepY2uHBC6u-8/edit)
    7. Robin will be looking into IBM, Microsoft space
3. **Registration**
    8. Registration with OpenJS Conference registration
        7. +1, need to have it ready to go at the same time
        8. Tickets go on sale within the next 3 weeks
        9. What other data do we want to collect at registration
            1. Project affiliation
            2. We need to have some kind of expectation-setting information 
            3. Celia to send a template 
            4. Registration for the summit-only - need to confirm how this will work (this will be available)
                1. Small charge - $10? Token fee to encourage commitment
                2. Keep summit registration open until last minute
    9. Ticket 
    10. charges for non-attendance
        10. This is hard for us to do in practice
        11. Cancellation penalties seem bad faith
4. **Summit Programming**
    11. Research Question: Would your project be interested in holding its own collab summit on the same day in the same city as the OpenJSF Collab Summit?
        12. [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TjTw5An3eTLP735cu7mNEFAoyd19p1ua54HhH57YIcI/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TjTw5An3eTLP735cu7mNEFAoyd19p1ua54HhH57YIcI/edit#gid=0)
    12. Soliciting more feedback - do we want to do a survey?

