.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/summit-topic-proposal.md, before:

---
name: Summit Session Proposal
about: Submit a proposal for a session at the Collab Summit
title: 'Session Proposal: <Project Name> <Session Title>'
labels: Austin 2022, Collaborator Summit, Session Proposal
assignees: christian-bromann, jorydotcom, waleedashraf

---

### Proposal

<!--
Thank you! You are submitting a topic for the next Collaborator's Summit, Austin (TX) 2022!

Please include as much detail as you are able to at this moment. Don't worry, it doesn't have to be complete.

Please feel free to link to any other issue, PR, or resource that could be relevant.
-->

**Topic of the session**

<!--
Example: "Session space for jQuery Core contributors"
-->

**Type of the session**

<!--
Replace the space between the brackets with an x, like [x], to create a checked box.
-->

- [ ] Collaborate
- [ ] Workshop
- [ ] Talk

**Estimated duration of the session**

<!--
Example: 1 hour / TBD / Open for discussion
-->

**Date and Time of the session**

<!--
Share data and time for the session, so that remote attendees can join.
Example: June 9, 11:00am CDT / TBD / Open for discussion
-->

**Level**

<!--
This is the expected level of familiarity with the subject of the session.

Example: If the subject of the session is Node.js, and participants cannot contribute without minimum Intermediate familiarity, the x should go in Intermediate and Advanced.

Note that your choice of Level will signal expectations to your potential participants.
-->

- [ ] Beginner
- [ ] Intermediate
- [ ] Advanced

**Pre-requisite knowledge**

<!--
List pre-requisite knowledge that it would be required for participants to have or resources you would like them to review before the session. This is different from Level above. Pre-requisite knowledge 

Example: It would be helpful for attendees to have some familiarity with the processes of the Release WG, since we plan to do a minor release during the session. That being said, we are happy to walk newer folks through the process. Please review [this doc]() before the session.
-->

**Describe the session**

<!--
It's ok to keep this very short, especially if you haven't yet finalized the specifics.
-->

**Session facilitator(s), Github handle(s) and timezone(s)**

<!--
Example: Your name (@yourgithubhandle) - CEST, Another name (@anothergithubhandle) - PST.

Here's a handy [guide](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/blob/HEAD/SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md) for the person or persons who will facilitate this session.
-->

**Meeting notes and Virtual Meeting Link**

<!--
We have created a pool of Zoom meeting links to host sessions virtually for remote attendees. These Zoom meeting links will be open for everyone, and Session Facilitator should join as the first person and claim the meeting host. All the meetings will be recorded in the LinuxFoundation Zoom account in the cloud and will be shared later on. Session Facilitator should end the meeting after each session so that we have separate recordings for each session. Note that we have limited meeting links, so they will be shared among all sessions. We'll try to make sure that sessions happening at the same time are using different meeting links.
Please reach out to waleedashraf in OpenJS Slack for the Zoom meeting link.

Meeting Notes: <ADD YOUR LINK HERE>
Virtual Meeting link: <ADD YOUR LINK HERE>

-->

**Follow-up / Set-up sessions (if any)**

<!--
List the sessions that are related. This will help with the sequence of scheduling.

Example: This session depends on the discussions happening in #254.
-->

**Additional context (optional)**

<!--
Please let us know if this session is:
- needs to be led by someone remotely
- needs to be held at a specific time/date, and if so, which which that is
-->

----

<!--
Thank you for the Session Proposal. You're done! The next section is for logistics and planning only.
-->

Commit message:

update docs for dublin summit

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/summit-topic-proposal.md, after:

---
name: Summit Session Proposal
about: Submit a proposal for a session at the Collab Summit
title: 'Session Proposal: <Project Name> <Session Title>'
labels: Dublin 2022, Collaborator Summit, Session Proposal
assignees: No9, waleedashraf, ovflowd, mcollina

---

### Proposal

<!--
Thank you! You are submitting a topic for the next Collaborator's Summit, Dublin (IR) 2022!

Please include as much detail as you are able to at this moment. Don't worry, it doesn't have to be complete.

Please feel free to link to any other issue, PR, or resource that could be relevant.
-->

**Topic of the session**

<!--
Example: "Session space for jQuery Core contributors"
-->

**Type of the session**

<!--
Replace the space between the brackets with an x, like [x], to create a checked box.
-->

- [ ] Collaborate
- [ ] Workshop
- [ ] Talk

**Estimated duration of the session**

<!--
Example: 1 hour / TBD / Open for discussion
-->

**Date and Time of the session**

<!--
Share data and time for the session, so that remote attendees can join.
Example: June 9, 11:00am CDT / TBD / Open for discussion
-->

**Level**

<!--
This is the expected level of familiarity with the subject of the session.

Example: If the subject of the session is Node.js, and participants cannot contribute without minimum Intermediate familiarity, the x should go in Intermediate and Advanced.

Note that your choice of Level will signal expectations to your potential participants.
-->

- [ ] Beginner
- [ ] Intermediate
- [ ] Advanced

**Pre-requisite knowledge**

<!--
List pre-requisite knowledge that it would be required for participants to have or resources you would like them to review before the session. This is different from Level above. Pre-requisite knowledge 

Example: It would be helpful for attendees to have some familiarity with the processes of the Release WG, since we plan to do a minor release during the session. That being said, we are happy to walk newer folks through the process. Please review [this doc]() before the session.
-->

**Describe the session**

<!--
It's ok to keep this very short, especially if you haven't yet finalized the specifics.
-->

**Session facilitator(s), Github handle(s) and timezone(s)**

<!--
Example: Your name (@yourgithubhandle) - CEST, Another name (@anothergithubhandle) - PST.

Here's a handy [guide](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/blob/HEAD/SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md) for the person or persons who will facilitate this session.
-->

**Meeting notes and Virtual Meeting Link**

<!--

Meeting Notes: <ADD YOUR LINK HERE>
Virtual Meeting link: <ADD YOUR LINK HERE>

-->

**Follow-up / Set-up sessions (if any)**

<!--
List the sessions that are related. This will help with the sequence of scheduling.

Example: This session depends on the discussions happening in #254.
-->

**Additional context (optional)**

<!--
Please let us know if this session is:
- needs to be led by someone remotely
- needs to be held at a specific time/date, and if so, which which that is
-->

----

<!--
Thank you for the Session Proposal. You're done! The next section is for logistics and planning only.
-->
