2019-05-Berlin/agenda.md, before:

# Collaborator Summit Berlin 2019 - May 30th and 31th 🇩🇪

This is a live document that will be constantly updated to match the proposed agenda.

A collaborator summit is a mix of presentations and interactive sessions lead by the Teams, Working Groups, and Projects that participate in the summit. For interactive sessions, our time is best served if a the team/working groups/project participate in good numbers (quorum etc).

__We can change everything__, so if you think a better structure will suit us better, let us know in #135, or just send a PR!

It would be fantastic if each one of the breakouts is facilitated by a person who will be responsible to "run" the breakout and do a quick presentation at the end. This person would also set outcomes from the breakout to  optimally leverage our time together. There is a facilitator guide available [here](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/blob/master/SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md).

✨ We're excited for Node.js' 5th round of collaboration IRL! Even better, we're excited that folks from the JSF will be joining us for the first time! ✨

##Courtyard by Marriot, Berlin City Center
Axel-Springer-Str. 55
10117 Berlin, Germany


## Collaborator Summit Day One: 30th May, 2019

09:00 - 18:00

### Agenda



* Munchen 1/2, 4 - breakout rooms
  - setup - pre-set rounds for 35 people
  - AV - projector, screen and a flip chart (working on getting more AV set up)
* Munchen 3 - breakout room
  - theater style, 25 people
* Berlin - main room
  - 100 people, blocks of 6 table blocks
   - projector, screen, sound system and 4 speakers, mixing table, 1 microphone 
 


_(Expected participation number)_.


| Time          | Place        | Topic                                         | Speakers/Facilitators                     | Issue                                      | Slides                                    |
|---------------|--------------|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| | Main  | Intro, Sponsor Talk, Code of Conduct          | |                                            | |
| | 

_To speak/present a topic/do a sesssion, make a pull request to update this document with a title, abstract, and a link to an issue with more detail in this repo, similar to https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/86_.


## Collaborator Summit Day Two: 31st May, 2019

09:00 - 18:00

### Agenda

* Munchen 1/2, 4 - breakout rooms
  - setup - pre-set rounds for 35 people
  - AV - projector, screen and a flip chart (working on getting more AV set up)
* Munchen 3 - breakout room
  - theater style, 25 people
* Berlin - main room
  - 100 people, blocks of 6 table blocks
   - projector, screen, sound system and 4 speakers, mixing table, 1 microphone 

_(Expected participation number)_.


| Time          | Place        | Topic                                                               | Speakers/Facilitators            | Issue                                      | Slides                                    |
|---------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| | Main | Intro, Code of Conduct                                              | |                                            | |
| | | Build with GN | @hashseed | [issue 144](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/144) | |

_To speak/present a topic/do a sesssion, make a pull request to update this document with a topic, contact @github-handle. Include a link to an issue in this repo with more detail, similar to https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/86_ that contains at least an abstract, a link to the planning issue in the working group repo, and any extra requests (minimum space during conf, av/sound, etc.).


## Organizers

- Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
- Manil Chowdhury (@chowdhurian)
- Tracy Lee (@ladyleet)
-  (@trivikr)
-  (@thefourtheye)
-  (@mmarchini)
-  (@sagirk)
-  (@WaleedAshraf)
-  (@joyeecheung)
-  (@jorydotcom)

## Attendance

Anyone can come, but we will not be explicitly onboarding at Collab 
Summit Berlin. Conversations can move fast as working groups have 
a lot of context. Unlike the Fall instance of the Collab Summit, this Spring instance does not include a morning of Code + Learn, the session that guides people through contributing to the project.

Working groups will put together a brief schedule so that people can 
familiarize themselves before folks get onsite, having the general collaborator 
discussions, and then dive into breakout sessions.

  
## Travel Fund
There are funds available for any Individual Member of the Node.js Foundation to receive travel funds to Collab Summit.  Membership is free for active collaborators. Sign up [HERE](https://github.com/nodejs/members#members).

PLEASE follow the instructions for application to receive travel funds [HERE](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/MEMBER_TRAVEL_FUND.md#process).

  
------------------------

✨ Super stoked to see everyone in May! ✨

Commit message:

added eventbrite link for registration

2019-05-Berlin/agenda.md, after:

# Collaborator Summit Berlin 2019 - May 30th and 31th 🇩🇪

This is a live document that will be constantly updated to match the proposed agenda.

A collaborator summit is a mix of presentations and interactive sessions lead by the Teams, Working Groups, and Projects that participate in the summit. For interactive sessions, our time is best served if a the team/working groups/project participate in good numbers (quorum etc).

__We can change everything__, so if you think a better structure will suit us better, let us know in #135, or just send a PR!

It would be fantastic if each one of the breakouts is facilitated by a person who will be responsible to "run" the breakout and do a quick presentation at the end. This person would also set outcomes from the breakout to  optimally leverage our time together. There is a facilitator guide available [here](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/blob/master/SESSION_FACILITATOR_GUIDE.md).

✨ We're excited for Node.js' 5th round of collaboration IRL! Even better, we're excited that folks from the JSF will be joining us for the first time! ✨

##Courtyard by Marriot, Berlin City Center
Axel-Springer-Str. 55
10117 Berlin, Germany


## Collaborator Summit Day One: 30th May, 2019

09:00 - 18:00

### Agenda



* Munchen 1/2, 4 - breakout rooms
  - setup - pre-set rounds for 35 people
  - AV - projector, screen and a flip chart (working on getting more AV set up)
* Munchen 3 - breakout room
  - theater style, 25 people
* Berlin - main room
  - 100 people, blocks of 6 table blocks
   - projector, screen, sound system and 4 speakers, mixing table, 1 microphone 
 


_(Expected participation number)_.


| Time          | Place        | Topic                                         | Speakers/Facilitators                     | Issue                                      | Slides                                    |
|---------------|--------------|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| | Main  | Intro, Sponsor Talk, Code of Conduct          | |                                            | |
| | 

_To speak/present a topic/do a sesssion, make a pull request to update this document with a title, abstract, and a link to an issue with more detail in this repo, similar to https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/86_.


## Collaborator Summit Day Two: 31st May, 2019

09:00 - 18:00

### Agenda

* Munchen 1/2, 4 - breakout rooms
  - setup - pre-set rounds for 35 people
  - AV - projector, screen and a flip chart (working on getting more AV set up)
* Munchen 3 - breakout room
  - theater style, 25 people
* Berlin - main room
  - 100 people, blocks of 6 table blocks
   - projector, screen, sound system and 4 speakers, mixing table, 1 microphone 

_(Expected participation number)_.


| Time          | Place        | Topic                                                               | Speakers/Facilitators            | Issue                                      | Slides                                    |
|---------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| | Main | Intro, Code of Conduct                                              | |                                            | |
| | | Build with GN | @hashseed | [issue 144](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/144) | |

_To speak/present a topic/do a sesssion, make a pull request to update this document with a topic, contact @github-handle. Include a link to an issue in this repo with more detail, similar to https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/86_ that contains at least an abstract, a link to the planning issue in the working group repo, and any extra requests (minimum space during conf, av/sound, etc.).


## Organizers

- Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
- Manil Chowdhury (@chowdhurian)
- Tracy Lee (@ladyleet)
-  (@trivikr)
-  (@thefourtheye)
-  (@mmarchini)
-  (@sagirk)
-  (@WaleedAshraf)
-  (@joyeecheung)
-  (@jorydotcom)

## Attendance

Anyone can come, but we will not be explicitly onboarding at Collab 
Summit Berlin. Conversations can move fast as working groups have 
a lot of context. Unlike the Fall instance of the Collab Summit, this Spring instance does not include a morning of Code + Learn, the session that guides people through contributing to the project.

Working groups will put together a brief schedule so that people can 
familiarize themselves before folks get onsite, having the general collaborator 
discussions, and then dive into breakout sessions.

Attendees must register at [Eventbrite](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/openjs-collaborator-summit-tickets-55985971548) with the password "collabsummit"
  
## Travel Fund
There are funds available for any Individual Member of the Node.js Foundation to receive travel funds to Collab Summit.  Membership is free for active collaborators. Sign up [HERE](https://github.com/nodejs/members#members).

PLEASE follow the instructions for application to receive travel funds [HERE](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/MEMBER_TRAVEL_FUND.md#process).

  
------------------------

✨ Super stoked to see everyone in May! ✨
